"Shut up!" - Tim Heidecker
"That's the last time I ever pray to Him! FUCK GOD!" - Tim Heidecker
"This the type of thing you'd eat if you were watching a real movie. You'd pop some up." - Tim Heidecker
"We have to always remember that there were movies before Forrest Gump and the rest of those that had done won Oscar." - Tim Heidecker
"Let me get...bring you back down to earth and remind you that the entire crew has been laughing about you...laughing uh...laughing AT you..." - Tim Heidecker
"Thank god that you're here Gregg in your stupid Hobbit costume to make everybody LAUGH...." - Tim Heidecker
"Hold on a minute now. You don't interrupt me ever again." - Tim Heidecker
"Obviously they were persecuted, but not just hurt but some of their g-gold was taken too." - Tim Heidecker
"I DID THE RIGHT THING FOR DECKER! I DID THE RIGHT THING FOR ME! YOU GO F*CK YOURSELF!!!!!!!!!" - Tim Heidecker
"I WILL GO TO BED SLEEPING EVERY NIGHT KNOWING I DID THE RIGHT THING FOR THIS SHOW!!!!!!!" - Tim Heidecker
"...You become part of the realm, u become part of the On Cinema family, u become mine.  Everything u do is mine!" - Tim Heidecker
"I'm... joined by Gregg Turkington who has done the right thing and apologized to me for throwing me under the bus." - Tim Heidecker
"Five bags of popcorn, two sodas" - Tim Heidecker
"When you've got movies like Tom Cruise in them, you can't lose!" - Tim Heidecker
"Because it is that good, whether you see it in 3D as some did, or 2D as I did" - Tim Heidecker
"So put 'Dick Tracy' away - put the dick back in your pants" - Tim Heidecker
"And guess what? Bad news everybody! This IS full of... booze." - Tim Heidecker
"and I'm sorta regretting praying to God for this show to work well...'cause that seems to have bit me in the ASSSS." - Tim Heidecker
"That's Jamie, uh...Foxx, Jamie Foxx, who was, uh, Oscar nominated for Ray for the film which was a documentary on Ray Charles." - Tim Heidecker
"Bring it on, asshole." - Tim Heidecker
"Ah man! This movie had it all. It had action, drama, comedy, suspense and dance." - Tim Heidecker
"Being part of the family doesn't mean being raped by dad" - Gregg Turkington
"As critics, we're supposed to give informed opinions about films, not just parrot what our girlfriends say." - Gregg Turkington
"The great actors are all kind of the same in a way. They have that kind of talent and they know how to use it." - Gregg Turkington
"In these days movies were in black and white so they didn't have the whole palette of colors to try to mask sort of the shortcomings" - Gregg Turkington
"She should be in gold. They should make a statue of Helen Mirren in gold and give that out at the Oscars." - Gregg Turkington
"Five tubs of popcorn." - Gregg Turkington
"Serial killers are not funny business." - Gregg Turkington
"When a squirrel starts talking, you generally know it's an animated picture. Or if u looked at the movie poster on the way into the theater." - Gregg Turkington
"The more coffee you drink, the more movies you can watch." - Gregg Turkington
"Osama Bin Laden? That film should have been called Monsters Inc. because he was... a total monster." - Gregg Turkington
"I think if you tune in nightly to Decker this week, I think you'll find it's a little better than this movie." - Gregg Turkington
"A lot of college kids found our film to be, uh, counterculturrrrrrrreeee. Wo-wo-wo-wo." - Mark Proksch
"Don't come over here, Moe. Stay away from me, Curly. I don't want you guys hitting me." - Mark Proksch
"Tim: I was doing you a favor. Gregg: Doing the show a favor by having somebody on who knows something about movies on.""
"Tim: Welcome to the new me, baby. Gregg: Well, I don't like it. Tim: OK. Who cares what you think? Honestly. I don't know why I brought you back."
"Gregg: I want to thank our Hawaiian crew and our Hawaiian actors.... Tim: ...Really nice people for natives."